this low effort social strategy brings
in a ton of Roi how
how are you putting into your social
media strategy it can be so frustrating
if you're putting in all this time and
effort but you're still not getting much
if any kind of return on your latest
campaign in your time
that's why you need to work smarter not
harder look your audience is out there
after all according to statusa there are
4.59 billion users on social media so if
you want to expand your reach there are
plenty of opportunities to do so but you
have to do it right my favorite way to
boost Roi and social it's to post
content users actually respond to and I
do that by posting Carousel ads Carousel
ads have the engagement rate per post of
1.9 percent compared to
1.74 for images and 1.45 for videos and
that number goes over two percent when
all 10 slides are used
action of images and videos in the same
carousels can drive even a higher
engagement at 2.33 percent
now here's where the issue comes in for
users 88 of carousels only contain
images and four percent only contain
videos Carousel ads also have a 72
percent higher CTR than single image ads
now here's a kicker with carousels and
this is why you need to use them
especially with that think of it this
way with social media what does Facebook
Instagram Tick Tock and everyone want
they want you to keep users on the
platform see if I pitch you on let's say
this phone that I'm selling and I say
check out this phone buy it through a
carousel ad or just a normal ad actually
not even a carousel at what's going to
happen you're going to ignore it you're
not going to swipe up you're not going
to care
and there's a big drop off rate from how
many people see the ad versus how many
people click right but on the flip side
if I do a carousel ad and I say you got
to buy this iPhone it's amazing I'm
selling it and I show you in a carousel
10 cool things that this phone does and
you swipe oh wow amazing camera help me
take better social media images swipe
too oh wow better battery life than the
previous versions it lasts 50 longer
swipe again oh wow the storage space is
even bigger I can store another 5 000
extra images that I couldn't serve
before Oh even this is even more amazing
the front camera is in HD and then I go
and I say oh this one's really cool it
has augmented reality built into the
phone
oh it comes with sound blocking noise
when I talk to someone on speaker it
blocks off the background noise from oh
this is really cool I got kids in the
background that make a lot of noise so
this phone is like right for me and then
they can click through and buy you see
what I did there I sold people through
my Carousel ad so I don't have as big of
a drop off from people seeing the ad and
then clicking over to my website to
learn more this way they're learning
within the carousel ad and then when
they click through they're ready to buy
that is as simple as social strategy
that'll help you generate more return
today use it we do it for our clients it
works out well it worked for almost
every industry both B2B BDC I don't care
if you're selling your product or a
service it works check it out you gotta
use it if you just want my team to do
this for you check out my Ad Agency NP
digital if you have any questions leave
a comment below if you enjoyed this
video like it share it tell the people
about it thank you very much